Admin User Guide
First of all, ensure you are logged in as an administrator. 
This will grant you access to the Admin Home Page. 
Once logged in, you are automatically routed to the Admin tools. 

Creating a Group:
1. Click "Admin Tools" near the top left of the page and click "User/Project."
2. Click the button in the white box that says "Add Project."
3. Add the project name, a brief description, and click "Create Project."


Add a User/Assign a User to a Group:
There are done in the same step. Once completed, a user will be able to create 
a password for their account.
1. Click "Admin Tools" near the top left of the page and click "User/Project."
2. Click the name of the group you would like to assign the user to.
3. Click "add", enter the student's first name, last name, USC email, and click "add user."
The student will use this email to register on the website. If a student's email 
has not been added to a group, they will be unable to register. 


Create Evaluation/Edit Evaluation:
1. Click "Admin Tools" near the top left of the page and click "Manage Evaluation." 
From here you can click on open and closed evaluations to either edit, view, or delete them.
2. Click "Create New Evaluation".
3. There are ten questions available by default. Simply click "remove question" 
to lower the number of questions asked on this evaluation.
4. Enter desired questions and closing date/time and click "create evaluation."


Check Grades:
1. Click "Admin Tools" near the top left of the page and click "Average Grades". 
This displays the first name, last name, email, most recent evaluation grade, 
and total average grade. This table can be sorted and searched. The column labled 
"Average for Evaluation ending (date)" is the student's average grade he/she received 
for the most recent evaluation. The column labled "Average Grade" is the student's 
total average grade for all evaluations. 


Post Announcement:
1. Click "Admin Tools" near the top left of the page and click "Post New Announcemnt."
2. Enter your announcement and click "Create Announcement." The five most recent 
announcements posted will show up on the student's home page. You can click
"Delete All Announcements" and that will remove all announcements from admin/user
homepages.


Download CSV:
1. Click "Admin Tools" near the top left of the page and click "Download CSV File."
2. Click the download button for the desired questionnaire and a .csv file of the 
students and their grades will be downloaded.


Update Email Contact:
1. Click "Admin Tools" near the top left of the page and click "Update email contact."
2. Enter the email address where you would like to recieve emails. If a student has a 
question and uses the build in contact feature, an email will be sent to this email address.


Sent Email To All Users
1. Click "Admin Tools" near the top left of the page and click "Contact All Users."
2. Enter First Name, Last Name, Email Address, and a Message to all users. 
The name and email are your name and email and will show up in the email as who
the email is from(you, the admin). This sends an email to all registed emails in the database. 
